you are dragging 60% to 40 or you're 40%
this is fantastic job guys okay I'm
going to tell you the most powerful
weapon in any game the one that'll gain
you and wind if your outlet or even out
scaling or it's sometimes both teamwork
planetside 2 is a game that rewards
society best work as a team
this makes the most important players in
plants or to not thumbs were hi Katie
not the emoji types who claim that they
are the best in the world but the vastly
underappreciated in-game leaders who but
ever in time and time again to provide
strategy and entertainment to those who
decide to follow them they are the ones
who create the truly great fights will
want to call for gaseous ball and the
ones who can quickly turn Jose on its
head and kick out the ass in game
leaders enhancer - and the most
important players in the game Bar None
this is the ones who truly commit the
maker break actions which you can define
a winner or loss in other games like
counter-strike kill and defile where I
was in France I - is a leaders who are
at the top that define whether you win
or lose they are the ones who truly
control the game
alpha-1 you guys taking that down to
Delta stage you are alpha take down my
suddenly on the west side this is
command a series which will aim to help
anyone who's getting started with
leading in part said to the aspects I'll
be going over are true to us experienced
leaders but are important fundamentals
to understand pretty much all of this
will apply to the ps4 version of the
game also when it is finally released
so for any ps4 players out there if you
want to win in France or to that effect
leading it's the way you do it
everything I'm gonna mention in this
series will be entirely from my
perspective as a platoon leader in my
outfit 250 seconds backups
I usually lead around two squads of you
know your normal average players and we
regularly punch well above our weight
even by using the very basic tactics in
a normal fight outside of the live game
I have led quick response squads and
platoons in military smashes almost
every time I have played often being the
best performing platoon in conjunction
with outfits like digging Thea war
tactical for me though index UT where
speed is key I have even force commanded
Miller in the first freeway service mash
in December 2014 although I just lose
needless to say I had quite a lot of
experience in even in planetside 2 and
ask too many people I play with which is
always a pleasure not everything I say
will apply to any given situation and my
style opportunity is most likely an
acquired taste
or at least from my fans hold on I want
to make it clear that there is no single
correct way to lead in parts or two or
even anywhere else everyone has a
different style and everyone wants
something different out of a squad
before I get into the series anymore I
want you to ask yourself what do you
want out of a squad and what do you want
to do those are two key things you need
to remember what do you want to do good
night
Oh John Thomas quietly I know I've
talked about all this stuff but what
actually is of the platoon is the
collection of four squads of twelve
making a total of 48 players for most
situations it is very important to
consider a platoon as a collection of
four squads not 48 players in never
words a platoon of four not 48 this
mentality will mean that as opportunity
there you will give a lot more freedom
to your squad leaders and as a squad
leader
it will mean you'll be able to take a
lot more initiative when carrying out
your given objectives we're still doing
that gives to you this is a very very
good thing to have in any two so in this
series what am I going to go over there
our first I'll go over the basic
fundamentals of squads and proteins in
general such as squad composition basic
tactics and common structure oh then go
into more advanced things such as
effective point holds bat caps collapse
and defenses vehicle play when and where
not to get them and how to use them
effectively base specific tactics macro
strategy service mush plate and anything
else you guys wanted also if I have
footage of these I will use them as an
example which I will incorporate into
the video so I can show you guys how I
would do things in these situations so
in conclusion the series of videos is
intended to provide a resource for newer
and experienced leaders to allow you to
get the most out of the tuner squad I
only hope is I'll be able to provide
that I'll always be open to requests and
feedback so please if you have any of
these or have any requests feel free to
share in either the comment sections or
you can contact me however you wish or
however you know so yeah and thanks guys
and let's do this